feat: split config for prometheus and vmagent (#26)
Eoracle/Eoracle-operator-setup: data-validator/monitoring/README.md

In the `monitoring` folder

> Make sure your [prometheus](./prometheus.yml) and [VM-agent](./vmagent.yml) config files is updated with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your prometheus config [file](./prometheus.yml) is updated with the following
```

>   * the metrics port (`PROMETHEUS_PORT`) of the eOracle data validator

Reviewer: remove the configuration that we added to vm-agent from prometheus.yml

> You have the option to submit your data validator metrics to the eOracle monitoring platform. If you want to do that, you will need to update the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to submit your data validator metrics to the eOracle monitoring platform. If you want to do that, you will need to update the VM-agent config [file](./vmagent.yml) with the following
  * the metrics port (`PROMETHEUS_PORT`) of the eOracle data validator
```
